docs: specify protoc version requirement (#76)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/developer-guide/get-started.md

  - Compile the source code
- Protobuf ([guide][2])
  - Compile the proto file

>   - Note that the version need to >= 3.15. You can check it with `protoc --version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note that the version needs to be >= 3.15. You can check it with `protoc --version`
```

  - Compile the source code
- Protobuf ([guide][2])
  - Compile the proto file
  - Note that the version needs to be >= 3.15. You can check it with `protoc --version`
- Git (optional)

>   - Clone the source from

Author: Nice catch!
